About the job
Specialist - Product Security - IN

Professionals in this group specialize in designing and developing security features of products including systems, applications and/or solutions during the development stage of the application or product.

Key Responsibilities And Duties

They ensure that the security of all products is maintained throughout the product lifecycle. 
They integrate new security features, updates into existing products, and resolve integration and testing issues.

Educational Requirements

University (Degree) Preferred

Work Experience

3+ Years Required; 5+ Years Preferred

Physical Requirements

Physical Requirements: Sedentary Work

Career Level

7IC

Key Responsibilities And Duties

Provides engineering support for critical security systems and services including servers, endpoint security, computer forensics, vulnerability/penetration assessment/mitigation, and security event management.
Leads the cost/benefit evaluation of cloud solutions compared to virtual private networks, dedicated hosting, and in-house solutions.
Reviews technical feasibility of adopting external cloud based IT platform and infrastructure services within the organization.
Leads the identification of portions of the organization's IT platform/infrastructure with the highest potential return for cloud deployment.
Facilitates implementation of the organization's global strategies and initiatives to enhance Information Technology plans, operations and procedures.
Ensures the execution of vulnerability analysis and exploitation of applications, operating systems and networks.
Reports identified intrusion or incident paths and methods discovered through testing and evaluation procedures.
Designs, develops and implements countermeasures, systems integration and tools specific to cyber and information operations.
Resolves and documents complex malware and intrusion issues within the system as they occur.
Functions as an internal information security consultant on the standards, complex issues and best practices for the organization.
Conducts testing and analysis of complex software systems to determine both the functionality and intent of the systems.
Communicates with cybersecurity risk and security operation teams to enhance the overall security posture of the enterprise.
Coaches, reviews and delegates work to lower level professionals to enhance their knowledge and performance related to information technology (IT) Security
Should have worked on to AppViewX Cert+, Fortanix DSM, Thales Luna HSM, Keyfactor EJBCA or ADCS PKI, and strong programming skills including Python and Powershell. Programming skills would be required for all candidates

Related Skills

Accountability, Adaptability, Business Continuity Planning, Cloud Computing Security, Collaboration, Communication, Compliance, Consultative Communication, Cybersecurity, Detail-Oriented, General Risk Management, Network Security, Prioritizes Effectively