Job description
Determine, adapt, and maintain corporate security procedures and policies.
Must Have Skills: Strong Communication Skills, Presentation Skills and Interpersonal Skills.
Good To Have Skills: CCNA, CCNP, CEH, CISSP or any certification in cyber security.
Key Responsibilities:
Develop, update, and implement security measures and controls.
Secure digital files and information systems, protecting them from unauthorized access or tampering.
Provide technical support and monitor security access.
Perform regular internal and external security audits.
Design intruder detection and prevention systems to prevent network invasion.
Analyze the source of security breaches.
Recommend and implement security tools and anti-malware software.
Determine, adapt, and maintain corporate security procedures and policies.
Provide staff with security awareness training.
Coordinate security measures with external contacts.
Inform management of security vulnerabilities.
Identify cybercrime perpetrators and liaise with the appropriate authorities if necessary.
Professional Attributes:
Coordinate security measures with external contacts.
Inform management of security vulnerabilities.
Analyze the source of security breaches.
Educational Qualification: B.E./ B.Tech (Computers), M.Sc. CS/ IT, M.E./ M.Tech (Computers), BCA/MCA ( For Freshers passing out year should be between 2019 to 2022)
Additional Information: Should be willing to travel domestic International location, must have a valid passport.


Disclaimer: This job posting has been aggregated from external source. Role details, content, and availability are subject to change. Applicants are advised to confirm the latest information directly on the company website before applying.
Role: IT & Information Security - Other
Industry Type: IT Services & Consulting
Department: IT & Information Security
Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Role Category: IT & Information Security - Other
Education
UG: Any Graduate
PG: Any Postgraduate
Key Skills
Security Audit, Cybersecurity Analyst, Cybersecurity, Network Security, Networking, CCNA, Information Security, Corporate Security, Technical Support, Training, Interpersonal Skills, Security Operations