Job description
Intern
Job Summary
Provide support in process design area to other areas like sales, Issue resolution, PLC and PC, etc. Project Centres: Work independently in project and/or pre-project teams within Project Centres (L0-L2 projects). Business Streams: Process responsibility in order team to deliver process design specification and solution.
What you will do
As a Process Engineer, you will:
Develop technical solutions in L0-L3+ projects along with senior associates.
Provide support in issue and claim resolution in L0-L3+ projects.
Participate in technical discussions with customers and/or end suppliers for engineering parts.
Validate/ review technical solutions for engineering parts.
Make customized technical solutions in line with Tetra Pak Strategy, standards, guidelines, tools and methods for process design.
Make drawings and specifications in time, with correct quality and at specified cost.
Travel to customer site, as needed, for the installation and commissioning phases.
Act as an ambassador for Tetra Pak.
We believe you have
An understanding of the design and assembly of process equipment and machinery.
A genuine interest to work on different phases of project delivery, through to the commissioning phase.
Demonstrated technical skills, understanding in installation needs and customer operations at site.
Project management skills and the self-drive to work autonomously.
An open approach, with the ability to collaborate with multiple stakeholders across multiple geographies.
Open to learn new technology.
A University Degree in Process Engineering or Mechanical Engineering or Food Technology Engineering.
Experience LevelEntry Level
Role: Industrial Engineer
Industry Type: Packaging & Containers
Department: Production, Manufacturing & Engineering
Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Role Category: Engineering
Education
UG: Any Graduate
PG: Any Postgraduate
Key Skills
Project Management, Python, Machine Learning, Mechanical Engineering, PLC Programming, Data Validation, Data Entry, Data Entry Operations, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Internet Research, Back Office Operations, Training, Engineering, Communication Skills, Management Skills, Computer Skills, Typing