Job description
POSITION SUMMARY

As a Fintech company where Machine Learning (ML) is one of the key features, our operations highly rely on machine learning models, from business decisions to customer experiences. Therefore, ensuring our machine learning systems health and scalability is critical.

To guarantee the success of machine learning systems, work needs to be done around transforming ML models to high-performance production-level code. This includes not only implementing sophisticated machine learning algorithms but also robustness monitoring, system logging/alarming, and DevOps. This position will be based in Bengaluru,which is part of our expanding site location.

WHAT YOUll DO

Design, build, and launch efficient and reliable machine learning (ML) models to drive business impact.
Train and validate state-of-the-art multi-modal, multi-task deep learning models as well as statistical models considering use-case, complexity, performance, and robustness
Demonstrate an end-to-end understanding of applications and develop a deep understanding of the why behind our models and systems.
Work closely with data platform teams to enable robust, scalable batch and real-time data pipeline.s
Drive the teams high ML and engineering standards through learning and knowledge sharing. Drive engineering best practices around code reviews, automated testing, and monitoring
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR

Bachelors, MS degree, or PhD degree in Computer Science or a related technical field
0-1 year of experience in ML engineering
Strong programming skills in Python and data engineering skills
In-depth knowledge of machine learning algorithms
Knowledge of or ability to quickly learn architectural patterns for large, high-scale software applications
Strong oral and written communication skills
Experience in NLP or CV is a plus


Disclaimer : This job posting has been aggregated from external source. Role details, content, and availability are subject to change. Applicants are advised to confirm the latest information directly on the company website before applying.
Role: Blockchain Quality Assurance Engineer
Industry Type: Financial Services
Department: Engineering - Software & QA
Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Role Category: Quality Assurance and Testing
Education
UG: Any Graduate
PG: Any Postgraduate
Key Skills
Computer Science, Python, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Automation Testing, Software Architecture, Software Development, Application Development, Application Software, System Monitoring, Programming, Finance Domain Knowledge, Quality Assurance (QA)