Job description

Job Description: Good understanding of Python / Django / Flask tech stack with exposure to RDBMS. Understanding of OOPs and programming fundamentals. Should be able to write efficient algorithms to solve business problems. Should be flexible to cut across programming languages to solve a problem end to end and work with cross-stack dev team.

Should be ready to work in high availability and complex business systems, with readiness to learn and contribute each day.


Experience: 0 to 2 years


Location: Gurgaon


Qualification: BE / BTECH / MCA / MTECH in Computer Science or related stream


Competencies: Drive for results, Very High on Aptitude, ANALYTICALLY SHARP and EAGER to learn new technologies.


Job Responsibilities:

Passionate about programming
Ready to solve real world challenges with efficient coding using open source stack.
Drive for results, ANALYTICALLY SHARP and EAGER to learn new technologies.
Ready to work in challenging environment where technology is no bar
Learn and improvise on the fly as every day would be a new day/new challenges

Who you are:

Understanding project requirements as provided in the Design Documents and develop the application modules to meet the requirements
Work with developers and architects, to ensure bug free and timely delivery
Following coding best practices and guidelines.
Support live systems with enhancements, maintenance and/or bug fixes.
Conducting unit testing / implementing unit test cases.
Should be a PASSIONATE about work and delivering quality results.
Strong programming and problem solving skills.
Good understanding of OOPs / Python / Django and/or Flask
Knowledge of AWS serverless stack (Lambda, DynamoDB, SQS, S3) would be a value add
Knowledge of REST/JSON APIs and/or SOAP/XML webservices
Experience with Github and advanced Github features (good to have).


*Should be available to join within 30 days from the date of offer



Role: IT & Information Security - Other
Industry Type: IT Services & Consulting
Department: IT & Information Security
Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Role Category: IT & Information Security - Other
Education
UG: Any Graduate
Key Skills
Application Programming, GitHub, Programming, REST API, Software Development, S3, OOPS, JSON, SOAP, Algorithms, AWS Lambda, Django, XML, RESTful Web Services, AWS, Web Services, Flask, Python
